fix(MMAP-30): handle empty value of input field without default value (#2)
mia-platform/json-editor: CHANGELOG.md

### Unreleased
- added option `max_depth` used to specify the maximum depth of level's schema that have to be rendered
- added option `use_default_values` used to specify if default values based on the "type" of the property have to be used
- when `use_default_values` is false, number and integer fields have undefined value when input is empty

> - when `use_default_values` is false, string fields have undefined value at the beginning. After that user edit the field, empty input means empty string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- when `use_default_values` is false, string fields have undefined value at the beginning. After that user edit the field, empty input is threated as an empty string
```
